## Day1

I arrived in Changi Airport at morning 7AM. I was lucky to be catered by my
father's friend. Uncle also accompanied with me to check in RuckSackin, which
was the FOSSASIA Hostel at about 3PM. I arrived at **LLI**(Life Long Learning
Institute), which was the offical venue for FOSSASIA Conference at about 4PM. I
was supposed to be part of Event Setup, yet I got confused by the venue and
joined with Speakers who were heading to checkout Singapore.

I was very thankfull for Blueman and Lauernce for talking time to guide us
through city and got introduced with Speakers and amazing FOSSASIA friends who
were from India like Jogendra, IIT Pune batch, Akshat, Divyanchal and much more.
We explored Marina Bay and had a walk through the Helix Bridge. I got to talk to
a lot of speakers there and had a wonderful experience there having food from
Hawkers street in Marina bay.

After the dinner, I travelled back with Chathu,his friend who guided me to
return back to Paya Lebar MRT. At about 7:30PM I returned back to LLI and helped
in setting up the event. I met people like Akshat,humble_d,Rahul whom I have
previously talked earlier and also forged a lot of new friends like Shubam
Gupta, Shubam Kumar, Pranav, Harshit, Poonam, Anoopam.

After the pizza party, Mario had a brief chat about what FOSSASIA is planning to
achieve in future and their Goals at end of Dinner. Mario is now passionate of
building FOSS Project, which is useful of others as well. Compared to that
project running in your system only. Also at last, I was guided by Martin Lehr'
who showed me his TShirts and told about its history and story of each
conferences he attended and why its special for him. Also I shared my room with
Aakash, Anupam, Yash, Rahul and Pradeep.

